Update FAQ with some common tags, adjustments to existing (#2062)
Rapptz/discord.py: docs/faq.rst

    await client.change_presence(activity=discord.Game(name='my game'))

>     #or, for watching:

Reviewer: My nitpicking prefers a space after the `#`.

>     #or, for watching:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    # or, for watching:
```

>     await client.change_presence(activity=discord.Activity(name='my activity', type=discord.ActivityType.watching))

Reviewer 2: Split this into two lines, it's too long for the documentation.

can use said emoji, you should be able to use :meth:`Client.get_emoji` to get an emoji via ID or use :func:`utils.find`/
:func:`utils.get` on :attr:`Client.emojis` or :attr:`Guild.emojis` collections.

> The name and ID of a custom emoji can be found with the client by prefixing :emoji: with a backslash.

Reviewer 2: `:emoji:` has special meanings in rST.

Author: This should be resolved, and clarified I think with ` ``:custom_emoji:`` `

    if emoji:
        await message.add_reaction(emoji)

    # if you have the name and ID of a custom emoji:

>     emoji = 'python3:232720527448342530'

Reviewer 2: Realistically speaking this entire example being added mainly works by accident and is a quirk in Discord's behaviour. In the future the library will probably just remove <...> from the string in the future. There could be something about using the much more self-documenting `discord.PartialEmoji` class but that's still in the interim at the moment.

        # find a channel by name
        channel = discord.utils.get(guild.text_channels, name='cool-channel')

How do I make a web request?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To make a request, you must use a non-blocking library. Discord.py already uses and requires ``aiohttp``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To make a request, you should use a non-blocking library. This library already uses and requires a 3rd party library for making requests, ``aiohttp``.
```

Also you need a newline between the `~~~` and the content.

Quick example: ::

    async with aiohttp.ClientSession() as session:
        async with session.get('http://aws.random.cat/meow') as r:
            if r.status == 200:
                js = await r.json()

See `aiohttp's full documentation <http://aiohttp.readthedocs.io/en/stable/>`_ for more information.

How do I use a local image file for an embed image?

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

Also add a newline separating the content.

> Discord special-cases uploading an image attachment and using it in an embed such that it will not

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Discord special cases uploading an image attachment and using it within an embed so that it will not
```

> display separately, but in the embed's thumbnail, image, footer or author icon.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
display separately, but instead in the embed's thumbnail, image, footer or author icon.
```

> To do so, upload the image normally with :meth:`abc.Messageable.send`,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

To do so, upload the image normally with :meth:`abc.Messageable.send`,
```

> and set the embed's image URL as ``attachment://image.png``

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and set the embed's image URL to ``attachment://image.png``, where ``image.png`` is the filename of the image you will send.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: This section needs a note that due a Discord limitation you cannot have underscores in the filename for the embed. See #567

Quick example: ::

    file = discord.File("path/to/my/image.png", filename="image.png")
    embed = discord.Embed()
    embed.set_image(url="attachment://image.png")
    await channel.send(file=file, embed=embed)

Is there an event for invites or audit log entries being created?

> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

Again, newline please.

> No. Discord does not dispatch an event for these, so discord.py cannot provide one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is currently a Discord limitation. Since Discord does not dispatch this information in the gateway, the library cannot provide this information.
```
